hello this is dub' and welcome to him oh
I did a video with lazy and my eye fell
or on one boat it might have treasure in
you sure you're talking about the
remains of like a look where I am
oh oh it's truly a little little tiny
boat can I ride it can I get in it I
can't get it I'm gonna drown
no I'm gonna I'm gonna break that though
I'm gonna click that up add it to our
collection well above a graded RM our
wagon cannons by the way we'll get
another one and I'm not taking anyone
okay can I see yeah yeah let's let's go
up and top now and I'll show you that we
do cake roulette and we have a plan we
have a plan today today isn't going to
be a name as episode we know exactly
what we're going to do well wheel we
almost know exactly what we're going to
do our owl explain soon
honestly nice crap pretty this room is
now oh no just sit at my desk for a bit
and just the company is okay I'm not
quite let's go yeah look at my like
Canada chief will su K really first and
then I'll show you my - no oh no if I
start I don't you're off the hook why do
I keep punching em we're a heavy dollars
but if I already didn't think I was
gonna hear one second on these guys over
here don't get above the horse off okay
don't do it don't do it we'd never get
it back on okay thank you hello Kevin hi
stumpy hi squashy are you ready for a
game of cake roulette yeah yes yes yeah
it is today Kevin right right fine okay
you the birthday boy I know hey brother
you ok
Oh Scratchy shall we bet it are you
hungry sweet but I'm not hungry
I'm okay whatever when you're hungry
we'd be hungry I'm hungry I'm full
okay come here come here come here we go
to your right knee jellyfish comes all
over each other
that's what bread buddies okay I'd
rather get Calle I'm ready to go again
you keep running the only way see I'm
right I'm behind you
if I went down the do it up and then I
went up and you went down and then we
went round and round around right bread
buddies commence bread buddy activity in
three two one
yummy Johnny good right let's go take my
wagon cannon so no longer are there any
signs or anything I will prove them so
these I just extended them a bit
furthest in other words it ends so you
could just properly lock you off yeah
and then a little bit there's one of the
other side where I mean okay it's just a
launcher saw for adventure day I want to
do it in starving in Italy calories then
next time no work because we're going
the same boat it's just depends with
directional doses you go that way we use
this one for going in that way we always
willing to sell roundabouts Ghanim what
we're doing oh I know what we're doing
great girl you help me set it up so this
thing okay
right over there which is very useful to
have the shop in here but it's a kiddy
and it's horrible it's like this is our
main view and it's like it's just a
giant oil rig on fire and it like it's
it looks like if you wanted to go in an
oil rig that is a good-looking oil rig
for an oil rig but we don't want to be
staring an ORAC in ocean them every day
so we've decided it's time to decorate
we have stamping we've each come up with
three individual ideas that we're going
to reveal them one by one a bit which
one is the best idea so without further
ado shabby would you like to reveal your
first option okay so I you can't look at
the others because they're all in a row
so makes us like stand out like well I
can't see around the corner okay so we
haven't seen each other
ideas evil by the way this is going to
be squeeze first time seeing it as well
as your so ID number one call the
birthday cake because this is shocking
suggestion because the bomb that could
be like a big cake whatever should I be
handled you ready with those fire bits
and then then there could be a giant
candle right Betsy that makes sense
well yeah I like that one am i revealing
my one next we're going through we are
you can reveal your next I'll try not to
see Kentucky a talking factory trademark
sampie I think that we need to as it is
the last of the dens that we are doing I
thought it would be useful to set up our
own business to you know sell our own
versions of cookies of talking to the
public and maybe Kevin plushies well
what I think would me to speak to the
cookie of talking to see if he would
like to be cloned ah yeah good boy next
day
yeah but cookie factory knowledge does
look a bit like a factory please make it
a prettier cookies like a baby we have
all right we're like behind of stuff
okay sir oh so to stand right your next
one but I try not to read it right okay
my suggestion no man who is
ah rocky because because we go now I
never carrot know what a little a little
less because died the whole bomb it
could be like the launch pad area we
could have like we have like an
astronaut training center down low and
then not top it that already looks like
that already looks like a better better
rocket that I'll do in every world it's
like the perfect yeah is actually a good
I actually it looks like it's on a
launch pad ah yeah that looks just like
the launch pad on that if we just
decorate that topic is like a rocket and
then just I think we just made the bomb
bit more high-tech and then say it's
like an astronaut like oh we need like
our own version of NASA but it needs to
be like different to NASA needs to be
like faster or raster or matter I never
went away there will be I don't know no
actually sounds like you have d square
sheet accessor accessible it is suffice
that most arbitrary disease so stampy
school
a she space service so it's just this is
just for everything soggy secret though
welcome to this Shh don't tell anyone
Shh yeah that guy's an option that right
let's see yeah / - puzzle again for each
other we make it into a kind of a giant
build where we have our own little rooms
that we build for each other and we have
to go through puzzles and then we go to
the next one then yaoi okay kind of like
an escape room time yeah yeah yeah like
it's like an adventure map escape room
type of thing I'm not so sure about that
either unless I show you my my father
will send me puzzle thing I don't know
it just open I did I just compared to
the other doesn't see was exciting and I
show you my final option so my file
option was escape route kind of like
puzzles that we could be for each other
inside of the range that may be 0 which
I think most of you know that your ideas
much better than my ideas oh you are
really honest our idea okay final idea
an art gallery on water so we could do
it so like it's a very like hipster
place you know it's an art gallery but
it's on water and it's all like based on
the ocean and we can make our own art
exhibits and it will be glorious and we
can charge extortion and very artistic
you know and each room sculpture yeah
okay so so we each have our our
suggestions so I think a good way to do
this is to start narrowing them down a
little bit
so what we're both going to be able to
do is to destroy one of the signs on the
other person's side for one that you
outright definitely don't want to do
your acts ready yeah there's one that
you really don't want many I get ready
to escape room so I'm gonna go get a hot
gun I'm getting rid of work
Raik okay that's the like I would have
got rid of on my side as well without
the same for you yeah so I mean tempeh
I'm thinking we can maybe combine these
last four together that top it could be
a rocket ship oh my gosh
yes and then we could have part of
astronaut training you need to be not
logic so you are floating number your
training you can be stubby no rajendra
basically give it like a big brands like
coca-cola red born all those people they
always like slap their brand on
something and it's like a cool thing we
should put the cookie of talking TM on
the rocket ship okay so yeah then to the
launch because it's launched off the
factory so it displays sponsored by khat
cookie of talking could you copy your
talking okay yeah yes I can I could
literally see Venus reading in your head
then okay so this is apartment it is the
stampy squashy space service it's below
space station stampy stampy squashy
space station that's what it's called
okay and the top it's going to be made
into a rocket I think that we do then
the rest is going to be the astronaut
training
that's authority and it's all going to
be sponsored by I could make it just all
like a giant cookie then because it's
sponsored by it like they like to kind
of mix their brands and stuff
look at the branding is going to cover
it in covering cookies well we do cover
in like loads of orange and then have
little brown bits for the yeah let's see
that okay that's the other fun anyway
let's go tell what my is this a go yeah
go sleeping well I'm going to go on a
second floor I'm gonna name yum yum yum
yum yum
Oh an iris consecration its donated a
space she comes out and looks like a bit
so on the second bed let's go
right rocketship rocket because is the
rocket ship gonna be rocket ship
chocolate chip I'm gonna be single the
rocket ship powered by the chocolate
chip yeah but don't tell anyone
a car penis go to what more college me
up the the wrong County cookie because I
think you think if we're building the
house but if the whole stations cookie
colored then like I won the rocket ship
to look different to the rest so I think
can we do a red rocket ship because
that's like the tradition us when I
think of a rocket ship I think of a red
why did I already won and everyone
randomly okay kind of Li Sian lively
nicely Wham
I like sight lively I've been light blue
light ahead look at look at this look
look look here look at this combo let me
put down a test sample that I'm gonna
Carlo right you want to grab some cookie
colors I'll grab some some some
rocketship colors and then our so nice
just having all of this this stuff
available so I think orange orange and
brown I think okay orange and brown well
bright orange all the orange of a green
box then oh you know something else we
could do we can use the other wagon guys
[Music]
it's exciting
alright this will actually I haven't
tested going right when actually to see
to see where I land let me let me give
this one a go right going off backwards
so that's something I was really elegant
oh can I just drive through the fog
afterwards but before I say it's awesome
orange and brown clay so we can like
incorporate different colors yeah I'm
like maybe we could have a sign of the
other color I think if you just mix them
all together it might get ya messy Oh
terracotta sorry I think overall we
should commit to one of the the other
they look at the cookie or talking and
see what's closer because the
orange like the clay can something look
a bit done not anymore
they've changed it a lot grace not clay
anymore stampy well no because it's not
clay like it so even cool anymore isn't
it is it this is a terracotta
yeah it's like video can I see it is
more similar it's a concrete the colors
similar to the terracotta then the wall
but I don't know I think we should
change it up a little bit like one layer
we can do clay one sorry terracotta then
one wall something to use the launcher
around me don't you sigh we'll use the
other one I was just testing for oh man
what I'm getting started already to go
did I can't you get on no imposition how
are you oh there oh it's like this
consideration should we build like at
least for now some sort of breed your
way to get me yes
maybe cuz if we're coming back here a
lot a bit of a traffic right do I come
all the way up to the top of this
elevator to get to where you are yeah
yes that's where I went at me we have a
lot today right
what is this I mean I think the rocket
bit is going to be the easiest bit which
is why I yeah I gave to do that but
because a lot of its it I'm gonna go to
the top first so a lot of its kind of in
the shape of a rocket already so I kind
of just need to be like surround the
shape that's already there
the rest is I feel like you're better
suited for the rest because that's more
like free-flowing you can adjust what
you want but most of the focus on the
side facing the windy dandy like like
the maritime so give us the most fun bit
yeah and I can't like I can I go down
the stairs off I can't belie
rookie I mean I can't fly Rocky's yeah
when I mean to scare you're going to
like that the barriers card new what do
you mean the barriers I can just walk
like this like there's all different
levels anyway so it's really easy to
like get around my life it's so easy why
don't you
I mean I would but doing the rocketship
sorry us someone's got to do the
rocketship I guess it has to be me
no I guess okay I'll do it
someday I guess well you you can help me
with a rocketship we can just get dead
the rocket chair completely done and
then decorate chocolate chip like
that's all you can work on you can work
on our marketing scheme I'm going at
marketing I can do that so one thing I
can do I can market cookies okay right
I'm going to do oh it's like animals is
all the place here right this is the top
this is the top of the rocket hey it's
going to be good so I'm just going to
literally I literally just around I
could it was perfectly like that's
that's how I got the idea it was just
perfectly in the shake rocket anyway so
what's one of the most imaginative idea
in the world
then how we're going to do these puzzle
rooms then for our our aspirin in really
a strong Astra I asked Ronnie Australia
my astronaut named Astrid
astronaut that's all gosh I mean
yesterday I can't say I was like but
doesn't sound right but I don't know I
did it I'm just trying to say completely
other things like trust me why one for
breakfast like you're trying to say to
us ready no no I mean yes engineer drunk
there's like a duster no that's far away
you like you see far away nobody no
afternoon no I mean I could do that way
yes I did these escape room so are we
just going to build them like without
the other person seeing them separately
and then invite the other part I think
we should do is we should like keep it
with the theme of cookie production and
well as we're going to make those
cookies here because it's like launch
off the cookie factory isn't it so maybe
the lower floor should be the cookie
lottery and we should have like a few
puzzles down there like each and then
for the Train
the astronaut training we should set
like one of us do like zero-gravity
training we all undo like I know except
this training to make sure you're nice
and fit and well for being an astronaut
for Astra nearing I don't yeah yeah yeah
okay yeah yeah we can have a bunch of
different things like I want one of
those um you know like the the G thing
is the thing yeah it's been around
really fast to see if you can handle it
there's Benny thingy get out we need a
something we need something some way to
make you spin really fast or something
that would my god yeah haha yeah it's a
room just a minecart spinning around the
outside oh yes very like maybe trying to
activate I think is you sometimes get
motion sick playing Minecraft
so it actually be really good simulation
for you to see if you can handle it like
actually like been roughly my eyes
well I don't I don't we ever said this
we might have but in the in cave Demi
for ember we did the ice cream roller
coaster squashy literally she couldn't
like the watch it because you just span
around so far she just compare it so
there's my because my eyes as you can
hear in the video star be like asking
like oh it's photo like yeah it's really
fun I'm not having fun at all yes sure
anyway like something will shut their
eyes on real rollercoasters you can't
even handle my cross okay hello real
okay I'm gonna I'm nearly done that the
foot like first corner I guess of the
decoration and then I'll just move on to
the next one I'm just trying to do it so
we can see from the boat my live dog
today so that's that's my job today and
then we can just do the rest of so for
me of I've so far mainly been covering
it in red and then I'm going to add
detail with blue like like stripes or
something with blue and woods once I see
what this looks like I wanna get at
least third the shape done first before
I go add loads of detail and then see it
looks rubbish I don't know how I'm going
to do the bottom yet either I always
struggle with that
at bottom no awesome are not really a
red wall as well Oh No Oh gonna happen I
can see you break it down but depicted
below
hello Wow look at that you know there's
like the water just went all crazy
look I'm not out here wha like so I'm
like going left and right in there like
the whole world lay all right yeah thank
you ready to give you talking whoa baby
do it
yes affecting me right well I've done
I've done a decent amount that's me out
Red Wolves I think I'm gonna call it a
day for for being a rocket scientist I'm
a little rocky sighs ah so like this is
so when we're building this I feel like
it's difficult and you'll be like oh
it's not rocket science I know there is
a joke it's I didn't literally that's
what deciphered puzzles are gonna be
literally Rockets like okay right I'm
gonna go okay when it looks it there's a
lot of gaps arrived um and I want to go
back to the Windy dandy line anyway and
just see laughs we haven't checked in on
these agura focus should be scattered
aren't you so yeah that area what a poop
I killed em yeah that's that's the other
thing is no it's not very laughs around
there I think the grass race is getting
want you to be able to count literally I
why is yours grown so far mitosis I
don't really always have you know I
added more torches on my side and goes
backing up winning
I think only I think you have to be
there's no way I'm not even around the
foot look at there's already one I mean
you're shorter than yours so maybe I
don't know we can count for the
checkpoint I guess I know I've got ages
to go yeah I mean when we're getting
close to the checkpoint that's when
we're going to start to have a good idea
but yeah Nicholas outrageous we got we
got a little while to go before the
first check
know-it-all look at that how did you get
out of here my gun look at my rocket
ship look I like my good camera
oh no I literally just going over what
already there it will look good it's
gonna look amazing
I saw the camera baby would do that when
I do the bottom bit and I do like the
legs and stuff it's gonna look good but
to be fair considering we spent half the
episode just talking about what we're
gonna do we got a lot done but the next
episode we will be a carrying on from
where we left off hopefully I'll get the
rocket ship done we can get a few more
of the the cots decoration for our
sponsorship as well oh yeah muster the
plan for the next episode sound lovely
and I am killing it in the grass race
down see and team squishy yep Thank You
Christine situation here okay oh okay
just a motion it will be along in a week
time
Oh
[Music]